params: 152M, attention: softmax, tokenizer: char (vocab: 52), iter: 262000, val loss: 0.8849
prompt: 'prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. pierre, w...' | temp: 0.8, top_k: 10

  [1] Prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from the moment prince andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. "I am not allowed to do that," he replied. "I will take care of myself, and will be happy on his return. "He looked at the prince and then went out on tiptoe and then across the room. He saw that pierre was about to give up, but he could not get at the prince. He set his teeth chatteringly and stretched out his hands toward the prince. Presently he had a moment thought better of it. If the prince did not come with him, he was sure pierre would be on his way. "Come, take off your arm and with th

  [2] Prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from the moment prince andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. He looked at pierre and his sensitive companion with a wide eye, a firm color, and a perfect manner. "Well, I don't think I have any wish to treat the prince of anjou as I did, for I am a prince, and cannot stir fresh flowers in a christian church. "There was a thunder of cheers and cheers, and at last the prince had said to him--"I found him with a command to the death, and he has a christian decided to resign it freely." "I am a commander of the army of great thought, and his command to the d

  [3] Prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from the moment prince andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. "I have heard the cannon, your majesty," pierre said, "which has a little help on the duchesse de morcerf. We have all been like one poor. At least your majesty agrees that there has been an excess of musketry and of horses in support of your majesty, and there is a great deal of musketry in the room." "I am going through the whole thing," replied the cannon. "But I have no doubt that you will not be struck or buried by your majesty." "it is true," he said, "that the charge you sent me was a gr

