params: 152M, attention: softmax, tokenizer: char (vocab: 52), iter: 112000, val loss: 0.9314
prompt: 'prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. pierre, w...' | temp: 0.8, top_k: 10

  [1] Prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from the moment prince andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. The princess was sitting: "oh, this is my sun! "Cried the princess. "I will call you no copper. "Pierre rose to her feet, and said the princess was thinking it was not a victory for her child; but she listened, half asleep. She woke up with the sound of something in her ears, and when she was out awoke she was sitting quietly as a servant in her own chair, in her chair and arms, and before her breath sped towards the beds of trees. Again she went into the beds, and before her breath was out of 

  [2] Prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from the moment prince andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. But he had been taken in with his army and his forces and his forces had been driven from it. They had been taken there when it was only preceded by the prince had had a long talk. "Where is your grand prince? "Asked pierre, sharply. "Yes," answered pierre, his face to the prince and philip, but the question was answered. "And the people of athlone will not disturb him! "Exclaimed the prince, with a broad line of contempt. "Well, what is to be the use of the king to take up his arms and to thro

  [3] Prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from the moment prince andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. "Well, pierre, I didn't dare to do so; I found it was not in the mouth of the mouth. I realized that the place was on fire where you would find me, and how would it be?" "I heard the good god was off, and he was a bother here. It was the last time I had been to see the place. I saw him, and he was going to the lake to see what he was doing there." "it was an awful lake, but it was here they didn't meet him. The train left below was deserted by the ships, which consisted of three travelling stee

