params: 875M, attention: softmax, tokenizer: bpe (vocab: 32000), iter: 170000
prompt: 'prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. pierre, w...' | temp: 0.8, top_k: 40, rep_penalty: 1.15

  [1] Prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from the moment prince andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. "Good-by, my son! "He said more solemnly. "I am going to be in berlin to say goodbye. I will not give you an opportunity of being in berlin." "ah, yes, father," answered pierre sadly, and held out his hand to the old man. "You know that you have always been too kind and careful with me. But you are so much older than i! Oh yes! In this way I shall grow to understand that if you are young you may at least be able to go, for I know the way and can show people that what they call gratitude is not mere gratitude. "He stooped a little closer and kissed his dear old head; then he stooped again and kissed his dear ones good-by without looking toward pierre, who was no longer surprised at this strange turn of things; then he turned away from him with a merry laugh. No one, except some friendly acquaintances who had come over from england, had the least idea

  [2] Prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from the moment prince andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. "You, my boy? "He said, in a trembling voice. "The prince has told me all." "yes," said prince andrew. "His majesty, of whose good will you are always thinking. Well, well! "He sat down by the table and took the pen himself. This was all he had to say. But when he finished it prince andrew turned toward pierre with eyes shining with gratitude and love in their depths of emotion--in his hearts the same love that his father had always known--and it was the same smile in those eyes that lit up his father's face and caused him to thank him for all that he had done for him and for what he had done--and all that they had done for each other. "What news have you brought? "Asked count charles; but pierre did not answer any more than if something would have been done to rouse up his father's courage and hope of relief in regard to those who were lost to him. Then

  [3] Prince andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from the moment prince andrew entered the room had watched him with glad, affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. He looked into the eyes of his young companion, and said, "it is the prince who has had his turn." "it is the prince," said pierre in a low tone, as if to himself. The prince smiled a smile that was not strange to him; he said: "I have not seen him since I have been with you in paris. "Then he added: "you are the only one to whom I know of whom I speak; you know my poor father's health; but if he should recover, I could send for some doctors." "but surely it is not an ordinary case," said pierre, surprised; "if it be a case of illness or death, as we say in france, we who live here in this world should know how to take care of him, and be able to help those who take no small charge. You, for instance, can give me your word of honor to bring me back with us the same nurse as the prince?"

